With the addition of the router.
This concludes this basic introduction to view chairs.
We could dive much deeper.
But keep in mind the purpose of this module of course is you only give you a first impression of the
framework.
A quick introduction UJA has offered us more features.
And of course we only briefly touched on how we used the view Selye of this workflow.
As I mentioned you can use all the features we learned about in the chairs for examples here in the
local set up to and even more futurists and that if you want to dive deeper beauty s dot org is a real
great resource to dive deeper.
It has a great documentation and you may of course also take my full complete guide on view chairs which
is more than 16 hours long and completely guides you from view chairs and even some advanced things
like view X which is a state management plug in for view.
So would be nice seeing there but I'd say let's continue to the section where we learn more about where
Peg and does development work flow why we need it and so on before we dive into the other frameworks.